APIRule hosts should be FQDN (#1165)
kyma-project/api-gateway: docs/user/custom-resources/apirule/v2alpha1/04-10-apirule-custom-resource.md

| **corsPolicy.exposeHeaders**                     |  **NO**   | Specifies headers exposed with the **Access-Control-Expose-Headers** CORS header.                                                                                                                                                                                                     | None                                                                                                  |
| **corsPolicy.maxAge**                            |  **NO**   | Specifies the maximum age of CORS policy cache. The value is provided in the **Access-Control-Max-Age** CORS header.                                                                                                                                                                  | None                                                                                                  |

> | **hosts**                                        |  **YES**  | Specifies the Service's communication address for inbound external traffic. It is expected to be a fully qualified domain name.                                                                                                                                                       | It should be proper FQDN format: at least 2 domain labels with characters, numbers or dashes.         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **hosts**                                        |  **YES**  | Specifies the Service's communication address for inbound external traffic. It must be a fully qualified domain name in proper FQDN format: at least two domain labels with characters, numbers, or dashes.         |
```
